Wait, why do you know you're afraid now?
Then let me slap each of you three
I'll let you go
President Fang, just report it to the law enforcement team like this
Don't you feel guilty?
You hit people first
I, Fang Wenshan, have done well in my life
Sitting right where you are
He keeps saying that he earns 1 billion
I think you are guilty
Why don't we make a bet?
How would you like to read it?
This venue can be verified.
If I had a billion in my bank card
You need to apologize to us fairly. Okay.
If you don't have a billion in your card
You kneel and kowtow to me and admit your mistake
Then get the hell out of here
It's a deal.
Come on, swallow
Sir, how many assets do you need to inspect?
He said he had a billion dollars in his card.
Give me a billion
Yes, it has changed
Stefanie Billion
How can there be a billion?
I know it must be you and Miss Li colluding
Whoever believes you have a billion
Who is a fool
I believe
Could it be that
Am I a fool too?